README.md, before:

# RRMS-eCommerce

## Overview

This development task involves creating frontend functionality
that has two buttons, one for products and one for carts.

The products button will list products in a table.
Each row is able to expand with additional information about the
product.

There is an "Add Product" button which opens a form with fields to create a product. All the fields are mandatory. Upon form completion, a success messsage is shown and the form is dismissed.

The carts button will list carts in a table.
Each row contains information about the user who generated the cart and the products that are inside.

## Design

I used Typescript and React to build the web application.

I used mui-material package to generate the table functionality.

## Running locally

To run locally, first install all the packages:

```
npm install
```

Next, run the application locally:

```
npm run dev
```

## Deployment

I have deployed this app using heroku. It can be asssessed via:
https://rrms-ecommerce-e37007548dbf.herokuapp.com/

Commit message:

Adding how to assess web application

README.md, after:

# RRMS-eCommerce

## Overview

This development task involves creating frontend functionality
that has two buttons, one for products and one for carts.

The products button will list products in a table.
Each row is able to expand with additional information about the
product.

There is an "Add Product" button which opens a form with fields to create a product. All the fields are mandatory. Upon form completion, a success messsage is shown and the form is dismissed.

The carts button will list carts in a table.
Each row contains information about the user who generated the cart and the products that are inside.

## Design

I used Typescript and React to build the web application.

I used mui-material package to generate the table functionality.

## Running locally

To run locally, first install all the packages:

```
npm install
```

Next, run the application locally:

```
npm run dev
```

The web application can be asssessed at the following address:

```
http://localhost:3030
```

## Deployment

I have deployed this app using heroku. It can be asssessed via:
https://rrms-ecommerce-e37007548dbf.herokuapp.com/
